(upbeat disco music)
♪ Well, you can tell by
the way I use my walk ♪
♪ I'm a woman's man, no time to talk ♪
♪ Music loud and the women warm ♪
♪ I've been kicked
around since I was born ♪
♪ And now it's all right, it's okay ♪
♪ And you may look the other way ♪
♪ But we can try to understand ♪
♪ The New York Times' effect on man ♪
♪ Whether you're a brother
or whether you're a mother ♪
♪ You're stayin' alive, stayin' alive ♪
♪ Feel the city breakin'
and everybody shakin' ♪
♪ And we're stayin' alive, stayin' alive ♪
♪ Ah, ah, ah, ah, stayin'
alive, stayin' alive ♪
♪ Ah, ha, ha, ha, stayin' alive ♪
♪ Oh, when you walk ♪
♪ Well, now I get low and I get high ♪
♪ And if I can't get
either, I really try ♪
♪ Got the wings of heaven on my shoes ♪
♪ I'm a dancin' man,
and I just can't lose ♪
♪ You know, it's all right, it's okay ♪
♪ I'll live to see another day ♪
♪ We can try to understand ♪
♪ The New York Times' effect on man ♪
♪ Whether you're a brother
or whether you're a mother ♪
♪ You're stayin' alive, stayin' alive ♪
♪ Feel the city breakin'
and everybody shakin' ♪
♪ And we're stayin' alive, stayin' alive ♪
♪ Ah, ah, ah, ah, stayin'
alive, stayin' alive ♪
♪ Ah, ah, ah, ah, stayin' alive ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ Life going nowhere, somebody help me ♪
♪ Somebody help me, yeah ♪
♪ Life going nowhere,
somebody help me, yeah ♪
♪ I'm stayin' alive ♪
♪ Well, you can tell by
the way I use my walk ♪
♪ I'm a woman's man, no time to talk ♪
♪ Music loud and women warm ♪
♪ I've been kicked
around since I was born ♪
♪ But now it's all right, that's okay ♪
♪ You may look the other way ♪
♪ We can try to understand ♪
♪ The New York Times' effect on man ♪
♪ Whether you're a brother
or whether you're a mother ♪
♪ You're stayin' alive, stayin' alive ♪
♪ Feel the city breakin'
and everybody shakin' ♪
♪ And we're stayin' alive, stayin' alive ♪
♪ Ah, ah, ah, ah, stayin'
alive, stayin' alive ♪
♪ Ah, ah, ah, ah, stayin' alive ♪
♪ Life going nowhere, somebody help me ♪
♪ Somebody help me, yeah ♪
♪ Life going nowhere,
somebody help me, yeah ♪
♪ I'm stayin' alive ♪
♪ Life going nowhere, somebody help me ♪
♪ Somebody help me, yeah ♪
♪ Life going nowhere,
somebody help me, yeah ♪
♪ I'm stayin' alive ♪
♪ Life going nowhere, somebody help me ♪
♪ Somebody help me, yeah ♪